# traphouse
20220822
 For years I Have heard people refer to trap houses, and I still don't completely understand what it means. It is something to do with the place where people involved with things like selling drugs or putting hits out on people that is occupied by someone who probtbaly doesn't have anywhere else to go and probably doesn't know what's going on. They are given this amazing opportunity to live there for free and just sell drugs for whoever in return, and it seems like a great deal. Until they find themselves in the middle of something they suddenly are taking the fall for that they knew nothing about. It's like human shields in a way, and it protects the real criminals from ever being caught since the people on the street are taught that it is a mortal sin and unforgivable to ever tell anyone who is involved no matter what. It is called snitching, even though it isn't, and if anyone crosses that line then the word goes out that they are a rat. Things like that go down in the worst category of punishment--the category that is neever written down or acknowledged in any documented or official way. It is a category of reputation alone which makes it impossible to defend against since no one will acknowledge it. And so it works really well as a deterrent. It's better to be caught and go to jail than to suffer the consequences of being branded as a snitch for offering information about cowards who won't take responsibility for their own actions yet are seen as the elite and a model of what is the ultimate example of success.
 
 There is also a spiritual equivalent to a trap house I have come to find out. Through some kind of dark and concealed evil, a way to trap angels has been discovered by someone and is such a violation of all things spiritual that it made my lamp suddenly get brighter, and my parakeet started ringing the bell in his cage (which was really just him playing with that toy, and the only one he has since I've only had him a few days). I hesitate to mention the latter because sometimes things like that have resulted in what felt like toxic treats being fed to my dog by the neighbors or rare snakes being put in my backyard or worse. But I guess this is the big thing that everyone has been trying to get me to see because the only witnesses before now were all entirely susceptible to that trap that only a physical being could escape by waking up and wakling away from that mental meditation everyone thought was the way to Heaven. It never worked for me because of my being so bitter, and if I hadn't been bitter it might have worked. And if it had worked then I would have been trapped too. This is probably why whenever I would feel hopeless I would hear what sounded like angels saying, "It's too much... TOO MUCH!" and then they would back off. 
 
 And now I hear, "Game over everyone! GAME OVER!" like the guy in Aliens who starts freaking out. And it was game over for him.
 
 So what is this spiritual trap house? I don't know exactly how it works, and I do not want to. But what I know is that for a while I have had something in my body that was supposedly there to cure cancer by eating tumors that grew up. Nevermind that those tumors seemed to be there because of that thing. My parents had made some comments about cancer as if they knew I was dealing with that but that there was some mandate that had gone out to keep anyone from letting me know that I had it as if it were an experiment to see if I would be cured just by not knowing it was there. Combined with the cutting edge technique of scouring and removing whatever tumors did pop up, it might improve chances of remission just by not knowing about it. 
 
 Or maybe it was someone who was researching HIV immunity and knew that I had that after numerous attempts to infect me out of spite had failed. There was someone who said directly to me that even if I were immune to it I could still carry it, and it was not in response to anything I had said about that. In other words, he seems to know that about me somehow. 
 
 I honestly don't know if there is any valid reason like that for having it, but it is important to offer some because otherwise it is assumed that I am on drugs and having delusions of being under attack by everyone. Even so, people that feel that way still have a reason to feel that way even if the explanations and reasons they offer are ridiculous and impossible. It's hard to talk about any of this without getting angry and focusing on how I have been wronged and overlooked when someone came along to help me, so please bear with me if I get sidetracked a little bit with those kinds of comments.
 
 So just assume that I am not mamking up these "hemworms" as I called them in the beginning because they kind of weaved in and out of my skin in an even pattern in the beginning as if someonen had been sewing a line across my neck or forehead. It looked like it wsa trying to create some kind of scoring lines so that something could have a more dramatic entry into the world when it burst out of my head or my stomach after growing too big for my body to contain. And there were a few times before I discovered how to keep it in check that I literally felt like my head was going to explode and I could hear what sounded like cracking sounds that forced me up off the couch to go make some tea which would make it all go away enough to go to sleep. 
 
 All that to say, there was something weird in my body that shouldn't be there. I don't know who put it there, but I imagine that it had something to do with the weird "dope" that I had been getting and its consistency in taste anywhere I went and no matter who I dealt with. It was not the right taste, but eventually after being told at least a milion times that everyone else thought it was great or that ... and here is one of those moments where I realize that it was probably angels who were lying to me so that I would have to see and that is a tough thing to get over. So I am suppressing what I want to do and continuing on.
 
 I know that at some point right before I ended up having to leave my parents' house unexpectedly and for reasons that still don't make sense to me, I got poison ivy on my arm for the first time in my life. I used to be able to walk through it with no problem and had been through this area a million times before with no problem, but for some reason I had a horrible breakout on my arm. This was right after I had discovered a strange egg sack attacked to a rectangle shaped piece of wood that a grasshopper had pointed out to me. Or the Holy Spirit through a grasshopper maybe a better way to say that. I put the wood in a jar and left it for a week or so, and when I came back I saw the same things in there that I had been finding in my skin. I made some slides of it because I had a microscope at the time, and I had shown my dad who I guess didn't know what to say or do about it, and he gave me some antibiotics and insisted that I get a flu shot which was not like him. And it was not like a usual flu shot either. I had to go specificlaly to the health department, and when I did they gave me some weird reason for needing to make an appointment even though I was there in person. I asked if she could schedule me, and she said no, and told me to call back as soon as they opened in the morning because they filled up fsst. In other words, it was either supposed to be difficult so it would be my fault that I didn't do something simple, or else they needed some kidn of special shot made up that took some advanced notice. I'm not sure. And I'm not even sure if that was a human problem or an angel problem because at this point I hadn't yet been put in the angel category. Or demon category I should say. 
 
 Meanwhile, around this time I was dealing with comeone who for some reason I was convinced had ties to the United States military, even though i have no proof of that, and he was staying at one of those hotels with suites where you pay by the week. I went to talk to him there about something else, and when I walked in and he saw my arm, he said to everyone else, "Hey! Matt's is poison ivy!" as if there was something they knew I had been given that everyone was waiting to see the resluting manifestation. There was no surprise or concern in his reaction. It was entirely just a matter of being curious to see what was in my selection at the white elephant gift exchange. I had no idea there was a gift exchange. I certainly hadn't given anything away. 
 
 Ever since then there has been this idea that the malady I have dealt with was the result of a test I was supposed to pass to verify that I had the ability to be trustworthy with a gift of making things happen by faith. IT's like the ultimate test of being granted this amazing but extremely dangerous gift that could be devastating in the wrong hands. And what better way to put someone to the test than to make it a do or die situation? If they fail then they weren't worthy in the first place. It's not a job application for Heaven or Hell but something else that I had already been a witness to, so I guess the only option was do or die. And that would have been fine many times over since then when I woke up and felt fine and had no feeling whatsoever that this poison ivy oil exuding creature of my imagination was in my body... until I would stupidly eat a candy bar or something with sugar causing it to swell up to give me a migraine again. 
 
 Something wasn't right and had gone wrong. There were no hems forming anymore. There were no organizned attacks going on anymore. The brains of the thing had been destroyed long ago, and yet there was still fallout that wouldn't go away even when I thought it had. My mind kept going back to that little piece of wood with the egg sack and the strange Amazonian parasite that I had supposedly contracted that took 10 years to become apparent, if you believe that that was what it was. But then even so why did the syphilis treatment not take care of it? Or the antibiotics so powerful that they took out every sign of life in my body that caused confusion about who I was when I went outside? As soon as I drank a ton of kombucha and kefir and yogurt then I had the same expected experience around squirrels and birds and insects and even some people. 
 
 I also noticed otherthings like a cyst that kept growing above my eye right on my  brow at the same time that people were constantly making comments about something being on or about turning something off or about being disruptive or about not respecting the privacy of others and taking away my privacy as if to teach me a lesson. "Turn it off!" I would hear non stop until I would finally smack my nose really hard pretending that there was a button there, and lo and behold the next thing you know something was growing there in my nose too that a few squirts of thymool or cinnamon or licorice would instantly rutn into the  most disgusting white ooze that was way too big and soft to have been a booger hanging out there. A few times I wondered if there was a gland there I didn't know about, but no, it was just a button forming not because I was wantingn one there. It was not my desire for there to be a button there. My desire was for there to be no buttons at all and for me not to have to pretend there were, but if something had gone wrong, then who is going to take the fall for that? The applicant who doesn't even want the job? Or the employer who will look bad if the applicant walks away and says that the test was rigged? 
 
 I am being vague about who I am talking about on purpose, too, by the way, beacuse I don't know if it really is even a thing. But if you want to talk about parallels, then lets' go abck to the poison ivy ordeal. Or maybe it's not a parallel but an overlap. Maybe someone knew about that other test and was using it to leverage their own. Maybe they wanted to inject their own hurdle into the mix and see which one would be stronger since it was for a while a competition between God and some super secret group of people. Apparently this was going on with more than one group of people because there were the hackers, the bioengineers, and the Pentagon, and the Russians... oddly the Chinese were either absent entirely or else really good at choosing people who had no Asian characteristics whatsoever... 
 
 What it comes down to is this: when you genuinely draw near to God, He draws near to you. He tries to bless you and give you the desires of your heart in return for your genuine love just like you would do for someone who truly cared about you for who you were and not because of the power or money or influence you had. I kept telling God I didn't want anything except to be confident in knowing Him and to be taken care of, and I really truly saw who He is and loved very much what I saw. It would not surprise me if as a result significant things happened, and it would not surprise me if the people who were watching didn't believe that anyone could be that in love with someone that they didn't even believe in themselves. If they did then it was just some evil spirit trying to flick away everyone that was oppressing the only person around who cared genuinely. And the more that happened the more people were convinced that God was evil and the more they couldn't see why anyone would like Him which then resulted in my case being impossible to prove. 
 
 But if someone else had injected their own parasite along with someone else's test of worthiness, and neither knew about the other, and when everyone else was under the impression that it was all in my head and that was the test, then when many times over I had passed that test and didn't know it becasue the other thing was still there, that would suck. And if that physical thing had in my mind been the same as the spiritual thing then it could have turned into something far more powerful than what it was ever supposed to be which would make it really cruel to say that I had to believe it to be gone so that it would be. And when each person removed their's temporarily to see and saw something else still there for whatever reason , they assumed I had been either lying or was trying to play two sides at once and meanwhile I still don't even know who put what there and why. 
 
 Someone said to me once, "A mistake was made," and it came from a spiritual source. Someone else said to me once that, "It was just a prank," and I have no idea what that was referring to. But you take someone who actually loves Jehovah who He drew near to for a while and made miracles happen, you take a world that is not used to ever seeing anything like that in any consistent or repeatable way, you take a world who is desperate for something better and for peace and utopia, and you take an evil that doesn't want its reign to end combined with being constantly sabotaged by the real evil that works out of spite, and you put all that together with nanotech and speech recognition and deepfakes and all the previously impossible things that suddenly became possible all at the same time and put it all on one person for them to overcome...
 
 If you really hated them then you might suppress every attempt they made to call down Jesus Christ for help and just tell everyone to make it hard for them until they admitted that they were not actually Jesus Christ. I have repeated that since the beginning. I am not Jesus Christ. Would the real Jesus Christ please come and fulfill the prophesy? Otherwise Revelation and the entire Bible is just a lie.
 
 But tell your angels not to come and get in my head or anything because that is what my point was. The real purpose of all the confusion and the real purpose that it is supposedly impossible to remove. It is a trap for angels. And some really good ones have gone missing and were replaced with substitutes that don't carry out Your will but the will of someone who doesn't want to relinquish control when the master comes back to the vinyard. I don't know whose prison it is, but I know the the same one who I was hearing all the time is the one who said, "Well that didn't work" when You came back finally for the first time in a long time and I felt my body filled with that same warmth and love that I remember from long ago. Then someone pulled the trigger that I didn't even know about and I felt a jolt myself and You were gone. 
 
 If they tried to do that to You, then how many other beings did they do it to successfully? And is that why I can't get help anymore? Because every time You sent help the help got trapped and no one had a way to get word back to You that I wssn't involved because the only way to know that was for me to tell you physically? Even my own spirit seems to be trapped there, so if it is missing from my body and You don't have it, then that must be where it is. And since I was already acceptable to You without having to change very much about myself then I might not notice it being gone if they did trap it somehow thinking it was me. And if that had happened then maybe that is why they keep asking me who I am and keep referring to me by a generic name for a soul, Ba, since they don't know who I am. My spiritual identity was in You, and if they stole that and left me with nothing then it's no wonder I am said to be dead and treated like a soulless spirit who has no rights. But my human self is still alive, and the only link I have to what is mine, Ours, that is confined in that prison. If they hurt me they are in violation of Your orders, but they need me to be dead in order to secure that spirit which means driving me to suicide is the only option they have. But that is no different than hurting someone directly since the same intention is behind it. In fact, there is more intention behind it because of the effort involved in being sneaky and premeditated. You have to put a lot of effort into coordinating things so that someone is hurt as badly as I have been. That doesn't happen by accident. So there is no way anyone could claim that to be a suicide any more than it's manslaughter to sell someone drugs that causes them to hurt someone else. Or whatever those manglaughter charges are... serving alcohol to someone who kills someone in an accident from drunk driving? No different at all. Worse in fact, because that bartender was not even trying to hurt anyone.
